
Ruby version 2.1.5 was used in this deployment.

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation
rake db:create
rake db:migrate

* Database initialization
BEFORE running the scraping script turn any sleep/powersaving features off.
The seeder file contains a script for scraping information from www.allrecipes.com
You can scrape by course type (main, dessert, drink, ect.)  or by country of origin.
BEFORE running this script, be sure to create a user with id 42 (or change the user id
used within the script).  I found that 5 second sleeps between every 5 recipes scraped ran fine when left on overnight.



The next steps are for extracting keywords out of ingredients ---
First* to parse ingredients, treat gem is needed.  The instructions outlined below will
help to install it.  This gem processes language and allows for filtering out of the "noise" within the ingredients column.
https://github.com/louismullie/treat/wiki/Manual

Once scraped data is obtained run the second script in db_seed to push ingredients to a csv.
Then run parse_tags.rb to extract the keywords and corresponding ingredient ids into
another CSV file.
Finally, the third script inside the seeds.rb file will take the keywords and ids from the CSV and populate the postgresql database tables for keywords and the corresponding join entries.


Also supplied is a postgresql dump file - raving_recipes.dump.  This can be used to
seed your database.  This comes with keywords already extracted for all recipes.

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

TODO:
Setup the recommendation to queue the tasks at night.
Figure out heroku deployment issue concerning the reccomendation branch.

